ceph: update cleanupPolicy design doc (#6592)
rook/rook: design/ceph/ceph-cluster-cleanup.md

## Background

### Host-based cluster deletion

> If the user deletes a host-based cluster (running on raw devices and not on PVs) and starts a new cluster on the same hosts, then the user needs to perform the following manual steps:

Reviewer: The "not on PVs" mention is confusing, you could make it use of local drives with PVs and have them being sanitized by the current implementation.

Author: Update the text. Keeping it more generic now.

> If the user deletes a host-based cluster (running on raw devices and not on PVs) and starts a new cluster on the same hosts, then the user needs to perform the following manual steps:

Reviewer 2: How about mentioning the following document instead of listing processes?

https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/Documentation/ceph-teardown.md#delete-the-data-on-hosts

Author: added this doc for reference. Still keeping the one liner for each step in this doc. Let me know what you think.

Reviewer 2: It looks nice, thanks.

> - Delete the  dataDirHostPath on each hosts. Otherwise, stale keys and other config will remain from the previous cluster and the new mons will fail to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Delete the dataDirHostPath on each host. Otherwise, stale keys and other configs will remain from the previous cluster and the new mons will fail to start.
```

    useAllNodes: true
    useAllDevices: true
  cleanupPolicy:
    confirmation: yes-really-destroy-data
    sanitizeDisks:
      method: quick
      dataSource: zero
      iteration: 1
    allowUninstallWithVolumes: false
```

- Updating the cluster `cleanupPolicy` with `confirmation: yes-really-destroy-data` would cause the operator to refuse running any further orchestration

> - Adding `sanitizeDisks` option to cluster would clean up the disks where the OSDs were configured.

Reviewer 2: Even if user don't specify `sanitizeDisk`, cleanup job wipe OSDs, at least in my local environment (k8s 1.18.6 and Rook v1.4.7).

Author: Yes, that's correct. I wasn't aware of that. Update the doc to fix it.
